{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff1\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033\ulc1 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Style;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid806960}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Introduction}{\author Support}{\operator Support}
{\creatim\yr2009\mo7\dy27\hr11\min37}{\revtim\yr2009\mo7\dy27\hr11\min37}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages32}{\nofwords3419}{\nofchars19493}{\*\company Armia Systems}{\nofcharsws22867}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot806960 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033\ulc1 {\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Introduction}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
The iScripts Support System is an integrated system for managing the customer inquiries, answers and communications resulting from such queries and related problems with the help of
 an array of tools and facilities clustered around the ticket management system like the knowledgebase system, reminder system, mailing and messaging system, and email piping system to mention a few.
\par 
\par The potential users of the system are users (customers), staffs (technicians), and administrators.
\par 
\par Users/Customers communicate with the system to get their problems and questions solved. They usually look up in the relevant FAQ section to see whether a similar problem (and solution) is listed there already.  
If the user is not able to find a matching one, s/he posts a ticket with the necessary details. The staffs (technicians) respond to the tickets with a predefined reply or a newly created one, according to the situation. The main functionality of the syste
m is this to and fro communication between the user and staff. In the case a staff is unable to resolve a problem s/he can escalate the problem to the administrator.
\par 
\par Another major feature of iScripts Support System is LiveChat. Besides the ticket managemen
t system, customers can chat with the operators for any queries. Inter operator chat facility is also available in this system. If needed, customers can share their Computer Desktop with the operator whom they are chatting with through Remote Desktop Shar
ing feature. This will help them to solve their issues easily. Customers can select a particular department of the company and is able to chat with the staffs of that particular department.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Features}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par Complete Support Center
\par 
\par Live Chat with Remote Desktop Sharing
\par 
\par Feature Packed Admin Area
\par 
\par Knowledge base
\par 
\par Downloads
\par 
\par Announcements
\par 
\par Multi-Lingual
\par 
\par Ticket Submission
\par 
\par Ticket List
\par 
\par Ticket View
\par 
\par Advanced Search
\par 
\par Display Options
\par 
\par Notes
\par 
\par Pop3 
\par 
\par Message Rule
\par 
\par Labels
\par 
\par Replying
\par 
\par Search
\par 
\par Predefined Replies (Templates)
\par 
\par Statistics
\par 
\par Reports
\par 
\par Preferences
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Maintenance}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Configure}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 The general configuration options include:
\par 
\par Site Url: The url of the site you are installing the helpdesk software.
\par 
\par HelpDesk URL : The url where you are installing the helpdesk software. This can be anywhere under the root. A typical installation url will be http://www.yoursite.com/support or http://www.yoursite.com/helpdesk
\par 
\par Max. Posts Per Page: : This option is to control the number of correspondence happened for a ticket. Default value is set as 30, you can increase/decrease this value to have the effect on the view ticket screen for admin/staff/user.
\par 
\par Time between posts: This option is to prevent flooding of tickets in the tickets. This value denotes the time between two subsequent posts by the same user. Thus if you increase this interval, you can effectively control spam postings.
\par 
\par Default Language : In a multi lingual setup where your helpdesk supports more than one language, this option decides which language to be displayed by default. Generally this will be English
\par 
\par Enable User Language Choice: This enables user to select languages if there are more than one languages supported
\par 
\par View Tickets In The Order : This o
ption is to control the order of correspondence occurred on a ticket. Select oldest message first so that the correspondence will be displayed in the ascending order of date[first occurred correspondence will be shown first]. Selecting 'newest message fir
st' will display the correspondence in the descending order of date[last occurred correspondence will be shown first] on the view ticket screen for admin/staff/user.
\par 
\par Allow Automatic Locking of Tickets: If this option is enabled, whenever a staff replies to
 a newly opened ticket (ie., for the first time), the ticket is automatically locked with the staff who has opened it as its owner. (Once a ticket is locked, only the owner of the ticket can do further operations on it.)
\par 
\par Should Admin Verify Templates: Thi
s option can be used for restricting the templates posted by the staff. The templates posted and saved by the staff can be approved by the administrator and only the approved entries will be available for use by the staff.
\par 
\par Should Admin Verify Knowledge Base : Enabling this option, the knowledge base entries posted by staff should be approved by the administrator for the users/staff to view the entries.
\par 
\par Should User/Staff Activities Be Logged : Enabling this option, all activities of user/staff will be logged which could be viewed by the respective activity log section.
\par 
\par Turn Email Piping : Enabling this option[with proper 'email forwarders' set for the department email], users can post tickets by sending emails to the departm
ent email address. Disabling this option will prevent users from posting tickets by sending emails even if the 'email forwarders' are set.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \tab Should User be Registered To Post Tickets? : Enabling this option, the users \tab \tab should be registered before posting a ticket.

\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Should User be Authenticated? : Enabling this option, an email will be send to the registered user with the authentication link.
\par 
\par Should Message Rules be Applied? : Enabling this option, the ticket should \tab be assigned to a particular staff as the ticket title matching the rules.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par \tab Enable Live Chat? : You can enable/disable live chat module in the \tab \tab                     \tab supportdesk. 
\par 
\par \tab Enable SMTP mail? : Enabling this option, all the mails will be send through\tab \tab SMTP server
\par 
\par \tab \tab SMTP Server : SMTP server name
\par \tab \tab Port : SMTP port number
\par }{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Languages}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
Your helpdesk can be setup with an option to support any number of languages. By default 'English' will be enabled. To add new languages, you may need to do some operations manually (out of the helpdesk 
software). For each languages you may need to add a set of language files separately. This need to be done with the help of some FTP software. For example, if you want to add a new language 'Portuguese' to your helpdesk, you may proceed as described below
:
\par 
\par First, you need to create the language in the helpdesk system. Go to language section and create a language by following the 'Add' link. The Language Code denotes the folder name under which you store the language files. For instance, if your helpdesk so
ftware is installed under a path like http://www.yoursite.com/support then you will find 3 language folders,
\par 
\par    1. support/languages
\par    2. support/admin/languages/
\par    3.
\par       staff/languages/ 
\par 
\par Thus if you prefer to give 'po' as Language Code for the language Portuguese, you will need to create three folders by the name 'po' under the above mentioned language folders. In each language folder you need to store the language specific files. These l
a
nguage files can be obtained from the corresponding 'languages/en' folders. Copy all the language specific files from the three 'en' folders to the corresponding 'po' folders in your local drive. Now the language specific text need to be replaced with cor
responding Portuguese text. For example, consider 'viewticket.php' under 'languages/en'. You can find language specific text in this file. This may be of the form
\par 
\par define('HEADING_VIEW_TICKET','View Ticket');
\par 
\par define('TEXT_PROPERTIES','Ticket Properties');
\par 
\par Now, after you copy the files in to the 'languages/po' folders, change these entries to portuguese. Thus the above entries can be modified into Portuguese as:
\par 
\par define('HEADING_VIEW_TICKET','Bilhete Da Vista');
\par 
\par define('TEXT_PROPERTIES','Propriedades Do Bilhete');
\par 
\par Thus the capitalized text (like 'HEADING_VIEW_TICKET') remains the same and the corresponding second part (like 'View Ticket') changes.
\par 
\par You must perform these steps of text transformation for each of the files in all the three sets of language folders ie, 1. languages/po, 2. admin/languages/po and 3. staff/languages/po.
\par 
\par Now copy these files into your installation folders (by FTP) viz
\par 
\par http://www.yoursite.com/support/languages/po
\par 
\par http://www.yoursite.com/support/admin/languages/po and
\par 
\par http://www.yoursite.com/support/staff/languages/po
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Now you can see 'Portuguese' in your language drop down list from which you can select Portuguese also.}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Mails}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par The default mail settings can be configured in this section. The mail ids that can be set include Administrator Mail Id, Technical Mail Id, Escalation Mail Id etc. In addition, you can set the from name to point your helpdesk software's name or your site'
s name or whatever. You can also set the from email address. This will be the from address used for sending each and every mails in the system. There are also options for setting the reply mail, reply name etc.}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Display}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 The display settings of the syste
m can be configured in this section. You can add color schemes to the system and also edit/delete them. The schemes can be defined in a css file and uploaded through the system. There are some images used in the display themes, and these images should be 
uploaded to the 'images' folder.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
The Miscellaneous configuration include the Site Title, logo of the support system, header and footer content added to each email sent from the support system.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Attachments}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 The administrator can restrict the types of fi
les that can be uploaded as attachments in the system. This can be an effective solution for not allowing users to upload malicious files. Only the listed file types can be uploaded into the system.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 The Max File Size can be used for restricting the user f
rom uploading very big attachments, thus taking a good measure against stealing your server space.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Companies}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par The support system can serve more than one company at a time. Multiple companies can be added and deleted in this section.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Departments}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par The support enquiries can be classified under many departments. Each company can have any number of departments. You can create multi-level departments, and assign staff(s) to handle the tickets in each department.You can see the list of departments with 
b
racketted department code prefixed and bracketted company name suffixed. Select staff from the drop down list at the top. You can view the department(s) allotted to each staff in the 'Allotted Departments'. You can select the departments you want to move 
and move them with the arrow buttons displayed in the page. You can use shift or ctrl keys to select multiple items. }{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Staff}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par You can view/edit/delete the staffs in the departments in this section. The Email All screen can be used to send emails to all the staffs in the system. The activity log can be used to view the activities by the staff in the system.}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Users}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par You can view/edit/delete the users registered in the system in this section. The 'Email All' screen can be used to send emails to all the st
affs in the system. The Email screen can be used to send emails only to some users, separately. The activity log can be used to view the activities by the users in the system.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Tickets}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Tickets section displays all the tickets. You will be able to view 
and manage tickets of various statuses like Open, Closed, Escalated and All tickets. You can also perform advanced search to match Company Name, Department name, Status, Owner, user, ticket number, title and/or question in a date range specified.
\par 
\par You can also add new ticket statuses to the system. Thus according to your custom needs, you can define your ticket properties.
\par 
\par In addition, you can add new priorities to the tickets being posted. This customization may be helpful in giving your tickets properties relevant to your particular domain.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 While replying to a ticket, you can select your reply from a predefined template a
nd/or add your custom reply. You can add comments about the ticket you are working on, this comments will be displayed to you only. While posting your reply, if you find your reply worth to be added as a new entry in the knowledge base, select the corresp
o
nding category and check the 'Add to KB' checkbox. In the action tab, you can set the new status of the ticket and opt for notifying the user with an email. You can also claim the ownership of the ticket. In addition, you can also lock the ticket so that 
n
ow only you can handle further correspondence and operations with this ticket. With a locked tickets, other staff can only view the details, they cannot reply/comment to it. In the 'Other Information' section, if you want a carbon copy of the mail sent, y
o
u can add the email address /addresses (separated by comma) in the CC field. The time spent on this ticket in this particular session should be entered here for accounting and performance evaluation purposes. You can also add attachment(s) to your reply. 
}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Rules}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 You can view/edit/delete the rules in this section. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 The message rules should be applied only if it enabled in the configuration section.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 

\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Pop3}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1665\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 You can view/edit/delete the pop3 settings in this section. 
\par 
\par The 'List' link can be followed to view all the pop3 settings already set. You can add new pop3 server settings by following 'Add'.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Knowledge base}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 The most frequently asked questions and the answers to them are stored in the knowledge base. Each department will have a category struct
ure of its own, and the knowledge base entries will be added under the most fitting category. You can view and add entries. KB entries will be added only under the leaf categories.
\par 
\par You can add and view 
categories in this section. You can create multi-level categories under each department. Thus each department can have a category tree of its own. You can create new categories under a parent category if there are no knowledge base entries below the paren
t category. That means, you cannot have both categories and knowledge base entries at the same level (under the same parent). Also, you cannot delete a category if you have some knowledge base entries under it.
\par 
\par The knowledge base entries created needs to b
e approved before they get published to the public. If you are adding the entries, you can approve them in the editing screen itself by checking the 'Approved' checkbox. If you want to reject entries, go to 'Approve Entries' and select the entries and cli
ck 'Disapprove All'. To approve in a batch select all the entries and click 'Approve All'.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 News}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Administrator can post various news and announcements to the users of the site including the staff members. In the news section you can set the type to staff and/or user, to make the news/announcement available only to the intended audience. The 'Valid Da
te'  field denotes the date up to which the news item will be displayed.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Downloads}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
All the downloadable files in the HelpDesk system will be available for download at this section. The administrator can add/edit/delete the entries in the download section.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Private Messages}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par Private Messages can be used as an internal messaging system. These messages can be sent to any staff, and will be shown only to the  selected recipients. The 'List' link can be followed to view all the private messages sent to yo
u. You can send private messages to all others by following 'Add'. All the private messages in the system (messages by all the staff to all others) can be viewed in the 'All' section.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Reminders}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par You can use the reminders section for a message alert system. All the reminders created by you can be viewed in the 'List' section. New reminders for you can be setup in the 'Add' section. The reminders set by all the staff including the administrator can
 be viewed in the 'All' section.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Statistics}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par The number and percentage of tickets in each department, in each month/year can be viewed in a visually pleasing mode in this section.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Personal Notes}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 You can add notes on each tickets while replying. All
 these personal notes can be viewed/deleted in this section. The 'List' section contains all the personal notes by you the administrator, and the 'All' section contains all the notes saved by all the staff, including the administrator.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Preferences}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Yo
u can customize your screens to match your preferences in this section. In addition and you can edit your profile to change your credentials. In the assign fields section, you can add extra columns in your tickets listing page. For example, if you want to
 add 'Staff' ie., the name of staff  who owns a ticket, you can move the 'Staff' option from available to selected list to the selected list and save your settings.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 You can also edit your profile to change your credentials and preferences. The settings tha
t you can choose are 1. Display scheme, 2. Auto refresh rate, 3. Whether to notify by email when a ticket is assigned to you, 4. Whether to notify by email when a private message is sent to you, 5. Whether to notify by email when a new knowledge base entr
y is added to the system, in the departments and hence the companies you have access to.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 System Test}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
The basic tests to be performed to check whether the site is configured properly, can be done in this section. The sections that require attention and 
thus need to be adjusted/changed will be displayed in red so that they can be seen and taken care of immediately. Mail test is used to check if the mails are correctly sent from the system. Follow the instructions to check if everything works fine.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Templates}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par Templates are predefined responses, which are stored for reuse at any time. Templates can be once defined and stored, and when you come across the same problem/scenario, you can just select it, your reply will be populated with the predefined
 answer. The administrator/staff can add templates. Incase you have the system settings like administrator needs to approve the templates, you can go to the 'Approve' section and approve the selected templates after viewing them and verifying that they ar
e worth including in to the system for everybody's use.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Labels}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 You can view/edit/delete the labels created by the staffs in this section.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 The label section contains facilities to moving a ticket to a particular label.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Reports}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par The reports section 
contains all the reporting facilities of the system. In the 'Ticket Summary' section, you can view the summary of tickets in each of the departments and/or companies in a date range. The 'Staff Summary' contains all the summary details like 'Replies', 'Co
mments', 'Personal Notes' etc by each staff  in a date range. The 'User Summary' contains the summary of tickets, replies, feedbacks etc by each user. 'Staff Report' consists of tickets assigned, replies, average reply time, average user ratings etc.}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Maintenance}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par The maintenance section contains facilities to boost the performance of the system. This involves removing old tickets from the database system and storing it in  html format. In the 'Purge tickets' section, you can give a criteria for the ticke
ts to be purged. [Purging is the process of removing the tickets matching the given criteria from the ticket system. You can access these purged tickets from the admin/purgedtickets folder. Based on requirements these tickets could be moved to a different
 folder, or deleted.]}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Chat}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
Chat section is where the Administrator can chat with the users/customers  and other staffs.Administrator can enable/disable the Live Chat feature in the general configuration settings.
\par 
\par Administrator can configure the chat settings in the \lquote Chat Settings\rquote  section of the admin area.Chat settings can be done Company wise. Select the company in which the chat settings to be applied.Then configure as you per your needs .
\par 
\par It will display a list of Chat Icons from which you can select a chat icon for that company. 
\par 
\par You can enable/disable operator rating feature in the Live Chat by entering Yes/No.
\par 
\par Chat Code Snippet  section will display an html chat code for that company. You can use this code
 anywhere you want the user chat application to be implemented. If you copy and paste this code in your company web page, this will display the chat icon which you have selected before.
\par 
\par  Users can launch the chat application by clicking on this chat icon.You will be able to list, add and edit canned messages of the Administrator to use in the Live Chat. Searching of Canned messages is also possible.
\par 
\par The \lquote Chat logs\rquote  link will display all the chat logs . You can search the logs by entering any two date-time range. You can also print the chat logs.
\par 
\par You can launch the chat window by clicking on the }{\b\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Launch Chat}{\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
 link of the admin area. Then the   chat  window will popup where you can do your chat operations.
\par At the bottom of the chat window, there is a tabbed section.The first tab lists all the online staffs and users available for chat. If the Administrator wants to chat with any one of the listed staffs/users, click on the \lquote chat\rquote 
 button which is in the last field of the specific row. The request will be sent t
o the selected user or staff.The second tab lists all the pending chat requests which are sent by the Administrator.The third tab lists all the chats which are transferred by the Administrator.The Chat History tab lists the entire chat history of Administ
rator.  The user info tab lists the users who are currently visiting the webpage of the company. Here information such as the IP Address of the visitor\rquote 
s machine, the page visited by the user etc. If the Administrator wants to initiate the user to have a chat with him, click on the \lquote Invite Chat\rquote 
 button corresponding to that particular row. Then automatically, the chat visitor will get an alert for chatting.
\par After sending a chat request, if the user/staff at the other end accepts the request, a popup window w
ill be displayed with the name of the staff in the left pane of the chat window. Select the popup window and start chatting with that staff/user by entering your chat text in the text area provided in  chat window.  The font styles like font color, font t
ype and font size can also be applied on the chat text. You can press \lquote Enter\rquote 
 key or click on the send button after entering the chat text in order to send  it.If a user or staff send requests to another staff for user, a popup window with an \lquote Accept\rquote  butto
n will come in the left pane of the chat window . Thus if we wish to accept the request, click on the \lquote Accept\rquote 
 button of that particular popup window.Option for transferring a chat to another staff is  possible . If  Administrator wants to transfer one of the chats  he is handling to another staff, click on the \lquote }{
\b\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Transfer chat}{\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \rquote  icon of the chat window. Then a popup window will come with a list of staffs and a \lquote Transfer Chat\rquote 
 button. Click on the button corresponding to the staff to which the chat is to be transferred. Then automatically, the chat will be transferred to that particular staff.
\par \tab The main feature of  Live chat is }{\b\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 Remote Desktop Sharing}{\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 . If the staff wants the users\rquote 
, computer desktop to be shared with him, ask the user to share his desktop.If the  users desktop is ready to share, Administrator can click on the \lquote Desktop Share\rquote  icon to view the user\rquote s Desktop.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 \page }{\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid806960 
\par }}