{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff1\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033\ulc1 \snext0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Style;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6377878}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Introduction}{\author Support}{\operator Support}
{\creatim\yr2009\mo7\dy27\hr11\min36}{\revtim\yr2009\mo7\dy27\hr11\min36}{\printim\yr2009\mo7\dy27\hr11\min35}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords1619}{\nofchars9233}{\*\company Armia Systems}{\nofcharsws10831}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot6377878 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs24\cf1\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033\ulc1 {\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Introduction}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
The iScripts SupportDesk is an integrated system for managing the customer inquiries, answers and communications resulting from such queries and related problems with the help of an 
array of tools and facilities clustered around the ticket management system like the knowledge base system, reminder system, mailing and messaging system, and email piping system to mention a few.
\par 
\par The potential users of the system are users (customers), staffs (technicians), and administrators.
\par 
\par Users/Customers communicate with the system to get their problems and questions solved. They usually look up in the relevant FAQ section to see whether a similar problem (and solution) is listed there already.  If 
the user is not able to find a matching one, s/he posts a ticket with the necessary details. The staffs (technicians) respond to the tickets with a predefined reply or a newly created one, according to the situation. The main functionality of the system i
s this to and fro communication between the user and staff. In the case a staff is unable to resolve a problem s/he can escalate the problem to the administrator.
\par 
\par Another major feature of iScripts Support System is LiveChat. Besides the ticket management s
ystem, customers can chat with the operators for any queries. Inter operator chat facility is also available in this system. If needed, customers can share their Computer Desktop with the operator whom they are chatting with through Remote Desktop Sharing
 feature. This will help them to solve their issues easily. Customers can select a particular department of the company and is able to chat with the staffs of that particular department. }{\f36\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Features}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }{\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par Complete Support Center
\par 
\par Live Chat with Remote Desktop Sharing
\par 
\par Knowledge base
\par 
\par Announcements
\par 
\par Multi-Lingual
\par 
\par Ticket Submission
\par 
\par Ticket List
\par 
\par Ticket View
\par 
\par Display Options
\par 
\par Feedback
\par 
\par Replying
\par 
\par Search
\par 
\par Settings
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878     }{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Registration}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
The registration section consists  of collecting the minimal user details. Please input your 'Login Name' ,  'Password' , Name, Email and Company. All the fields marked with a red star are mandatory. Your Login Name should contain only letters (a-z, A-Z) 
a
nd digits (0-9) and no white spaces or special characters. Please record your Login Name and Password somewhere since these information will be frequently needed to access your account and post your questions.  The SupportDesk may host multiple companies 
and you will require to select a company from the list of companies in the registration field. In the email field remember to input a valid email since this email will be the one that will be used for all further communications and operations.
\par 
\par On successful registration, you will be notified with corresponding messages and a notification mail at the address you have provided in the email field.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Now your account is activated and you can straightaway login to the SupportDesk and avail the services offered.}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Forgot Password}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par If you ever forget your password to the SupportDesk, you can click on the 'Forgot password' Link displayed on the bottom-left corner of the login screen. You will be asked to input the email address you have provided at the time of registration. You will 
b
e receiving a link to reset your password in an email to this address. Just click on this link to reset your password and get it emailed to your address. You will be receiving an email with your reset password. Now login to your account with this password
. Dont forget to change your password immediately after you login to secure your account.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Search Ticket without logging in}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par If you need to just check the status and details of a particular ticket without logging in to the SupportDesk, you need to go to 
the home page. In the main section  (center page), you can find place where you can enter the ticket reference number and the registration email. You may note that inorder to post replies or to perform any other operations on a ticket, you need to login t
o the system.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Login}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
Enter your Login Name and Password to login into the system. On successful login, you will be redirected to the main ticket page, displaying all the tickets(paged), regardless of the status.
\par 
\par If you ever forget your password, go to the ' Forgot Password' section, you can reset your password by entering your email address at registration.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 If you do not want to login, but want to check the status of a ticket, you can Search ticket without logging in.}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Post Ticket}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 To post a new tic
ket, click on the '+' icon just near the 'POST TICKETS' section in the left top of the page, and click on the 'Post New' link which appear on the   expansion of the menu.
\par 
\par All the fields marked a red star are mandatory and must be filled in, before you sub
mit the ticket. You may have a number of departments to post your ticket to. Now select the department you want to send the ticket to. Now select the priority. The ticket title is your question title. You may elaborate your problem/question in the matter 
section. You can add any number of attachments with each of your tickets. The 'reference' field can be used to name your download for reference.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
On posting a ticket, if the SupportDesk's knowledge base contains a similar problem, you will be displayed the possible solutions for your question and will be prompted to either continue with posting or to accept the answer displayed.}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Post Ticket }{\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 without
 logging in}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 To post a new ticket with out logging in, click on the 'Post Ticket' link just near the 'Home' link in the right top of the page.
\par 
\par All the fields marked a red star are mandatory and must be filled in, before you submit the ticket. You may h
ave a number of departments to post your ticket to. Now select the department you want to send the ticket to. Now select the priority. The ticket title is your question title. You may elaborate your problem/question in the matter section. You can add any 
number of attachments with each of your tickets. The 'reference' field can be used to name your download for reference.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 On posting a ticket, if the SupportDesk's knowledge base contains a similar problem, you will be displayed the possible solutions for yo
ur question and will be prompted to either continue with posting or to accept the answer displayed.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 View Ticket}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
In this section, you can search and find your tickets. There are four sections to view tickets with different statuses.  You can view 'All 
Tickets', 'Open Tickets', 'Closed Tickets' or Search Tickets. In each section, you can also search for tickets using 'Reference Number', 'title', 'Priority', 'Status' or 'Post Date'. In the listing, click on the 'Eye' Icon to view the details of each tick
et. You can post reply from the detail page.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
In addition to the regular statuses, you may find more ticket statuses added by the administrator of the site. You can make search based on these statuses in the search page.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Get Ticket Reference Number}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 

\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par If you ever forget the reference number of the tickets you have posted, you can get them in this section. Just enter your registration email and submit, all the ticket reference numbers will be sent to you.}{
\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 News}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par The relevant announcements and news items are displayed in this section. Click on the item title to view the details displayed in the main section.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Knowledge base}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 This section contains various frequently asked questions and the most suitable answers f
or them. You can search and find out the entries that are of your interest.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
You will be able to select from a multi-level department and category list. Thus each department will have a number of categories under it, each of which may in turn have more tha
n one child categories. The knowledge base entries will only be present in leaf level categories. So select the category in the leaf level, that might be having your interest.}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Settings}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 You can change your display theme, edit your profile and change your password in this section.
\par 
\par The color schemes of the site can be selected in the 'select theme' section. You can select the most appealing and eye-friendly color scheme and save your settings. You will be able to get the same scheme then onwards, even if you re-login.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \page }{\f36\fs28\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Chat}{\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \tab 
Chat section is where a user/customer can chat with the operators to solve their questions.You can launch the chat window by clicking on the }{\b\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Launch Chat}{
\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
 link of the user area. Then a window will pop up in which your user name and  Email ID will be duly filled.  From there you can enter your question . Also you can select any particular department you want to chat with.If the staffs in the selected depart
ment are offline, then you will be asked if the question has to be posted as a ticket. If the user click OK, then the entered question will be posted as a ticket.
\par \tab If any one of the staffs in the selected department is online,  while clicking on the \lquote chat now\rquote 
 button, you will be able to chat with him.In the chat window, there will be a status display section where you can see the current status of the chat session. It will display as \lquote Calling...\rquote 
 if you are not connected to  any staff yet.  After connecting to anyone of the staffs, you can see the status as \lquote Connected to staff Staff name\rquote . If the chat has finished, the status will be \lquote Chat Completed\rquote 
 and if the staff is offline, it will be \lquote No Staffs are Offline\rquote .
\par \tab If you are connected to any staff, you can start chatting with the staff by entering your chat text in the text area provided at the bottom of the chat window. After entering your chat text, press enter key or click on the Send button.
\par \tab There will be a set of  icons like \lquote Share your Desktop\rquote , \lquote Mail Chat Transcript\rquote , \lquote Print Transcript\rquote , \lquote Rate  Support\rquote  and \lquote Exit\rquote   at the top of the chat window. The \lquote }{
\b\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 Share your Desktop}{\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 \rquote 
 button is to share your computer Desktop with the operator. If needed, the operator may ask the user to share his/her Desktop w
ith him so that he can solve your issues easily. If the operator ask you to share your Desktop, you can click on this button. It will ask you a confirmation. If the user click \lquote Yes\rquote , this may ask you to run a file 
\par with JRE. If you run the file with JRE,the server will be started in your system. Thus the operator can view your Desktop from the other end.
\par \tab The \lquote Mail Chat Transcript\rquote  button is to send the chat log to any email id. If you click on this button, it will ask you to enter the email address to which the chat logs are to be sent. Then click on the send button.
\par \tab The \lquote Print Chat Transcript \rquote  button is to print the chat logs.
\par \tab You can rate the current support using this button. If you click on this button, it will ask you to select a rate from the range 1-10. You can also enter your comments about this support in the \lquote Comments\rquote 
 section. After entering the details, click on the submit button.
\par \tab  The \lquote Exit\rquote  is used to end the Chat session.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par \page }{\f36\fs20\cf0\lang7\langfe1033\langnp7\ulc0\insrsid6377878 
\par }}